Adv SnarkyJS edits, timeless docs, editorial grooming (#342)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/advanced-snarkyjs/merkle-tree.mdx

#### Referencing off-chain data

> zkApps can store only a small amount of data on-chain so that Mina stays succinct and does not become bloated.

Reviewer: Suggestion `zkApp accounts can store only a limited amount of data on chain so that Mina's chain remains succinct and does not become bloated`

(The difference is that `zkApps` are defined as `the smart contract + the UI`. The `zkApp account` is the on-chain aspect that can store data on chain.)

> zkApps can store only a small amount of data on-chain so that Mina stays succinct and does not become bloated.

Author: ```suggestion
zkApp accounts can store only a limited amount of data on chain so that Mina's chain remains succinct and does not become bloated.
```

> zkApps can store only a small amount of data on-chain so that Mina stays succinct and does not become bloated.

Author: ```suggestion
zkApp accounts can store only a limited amount of data on chain so that Mina's chain remains succinct and does not become bloated.
```

But some zkApps might require you to access more than what you can store on-chain in a zkApp account.

> But how can you achieve that? The answer is a Merkle tree! Merkle trees (or similar structures such as Verkle trees) allow you to _reference_ off-chain data by storing only a single hash on-chain!

Reviewer: `on chain`

}
```

Merkle trees allow you to easily reference off-chain data by only adding a couple of lines of code.
However, it is the responsibility of the developer of the zkApp to make sure that the Merkle tree that is being referenced on-chain is always in sync with the actual off-chain data structure.

You can look at [this example in the SnarkyJS repository](https://github.com/o1-labs/snarkyjs/tree/main/src/examples/zkapps/merkle_tree) to get a better understanding of how you can leverage the power of Merkle trees.

:::info

Merkle trees are great for _referencing_ off-chain state. But just referencing our state is not enough - you also need to actually store it somewhere.

> Where and how to store the data off-chain storage is left up to you, the developer. O(1) Labs is exploring solutions and are very interested to see and hear about approaches from others in the community.

Reviewer: It's not just O(1) Labs. It's also M.F. via grants given to 3rd parties.

> Where and how to store the data off-chain storage is left up to you, the developer. O(1) Labs is exploring solutions and are very interested to see and hear about approaches from others in the community.

Author: ```suggestion
Where and how to store the data off-chain storage is left up to you, the developer. We are exploring solutions and are very interested to see and hear about approaches from others in the community.
```

> Where and how to store the data off-chain storage is left up to you, the developer. O(1) Labs is exploring solutions and are very interested to see and hear about approaches from others in the community.

Author: ```suggestion
Where and how to store the data off-chain storage is left up to you, the developer. We are exploring solutions and are very interested to see and hear about approaches from others in the community.
```
